OUTLINE:

What are they doing:
Using Regression, they are trying to predict chances/statistics of violent crime per 100k population.

How are they doing it:
First, they pre-process data (using two sets - 50% & 30% of the original features of the dataset (threshold?)) using the "smoteR" algorithm 
so that predictions on critical values such as extremely high violent crimes are improved - which is the focused variable for this paper,
but is least represented in the dataset. 

Second, they propose an extra step where they calculate using Linear Programming how to divide police officers per state, taking
into consideration: cost, population size, and crime severity. <--- This proposition is what the majority of the results section talks about.

Results:
High Budget + Number of Available Officers = States w/ Higher Criminality are Assigned More Police Officers
Higher State Population = More Assigned Police Officers

------------------------------------------------- Algorithms Used & Definitions --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
smoteR Algorithm Definition:
Imbalanced domains cause problems to many learning algorithms. These problems are characterized by the uneven 
proportion of cases that are available for certain ranges of the target variable which are the most important to the user.

Bonferroni Correction Definition:
The Bonferroni correction is a multiple-comparison correction used when several dependent or independent statistical tests are being performed simultaneously 
(since while a given alpha value alpha may be appropriate for each individual comparison, it is not for the set of all comparisons). 
In order to avoid a lot of spurious positives, the alpha value needs to be lowered to account for the number of comparisons being performed. 

Wilcoxon Test Definition:
The Wilcoxon test, which refers to either the Rank Sum test or the Signed Rank test, is a nonparametric test that compares two paired groups. 
The test essentially calculates the difference between each set of pairs and analyzes these differences. 
The Wilcoxon Rank Sum test can be used to test the null hypothesis that two populations have the same continuous distribution.

The Wilcoxon Signed Rank test assumes that there is information in the magnitudes and signs of the differences between paired observations. 
As the nonparametric equivalent of the paired student's t-test, the Signed Rank can be used as an alternative to the t-test when the population 
data does not follow a normal distribution. 